docs: (IAC-1064) Document FIPS support (#321)
sassoftware/viya4-iac-azure: docs/CONFIG-VARS.md

**NOTE:** In a SCIM environment, the AzureActiveDirectory service tag must be granted access to port 443/HTTPS for the Ingress IP address.

## Security

> The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140 is a US government standard that defines minimum security requirements for cryptographic modules in information technology products and systems. Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) allows to create node pools with FIPS 140-2 enabled. Deployments running on FIPS-enabled node pools provide increased security and help meet security controls as part of FedRAMP compliance. For more information on FIPS 140-2, see [Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/compliance/offerings/offering-fips-140-2).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140 is a US government standard that defines minimum security requirements for cryptographic modules in information technology products and systems. Azure Kubernetes Service (AKS) allows the creation of node pools with FIPS 140-2 enabled. Deployments running on FIPS-enabled node pools provide increased security and help meet security controls as part of FedRAMP compliance. For more information on FIPS 140-2, see [Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) 140](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/compliance/offerings/offering-fips-140-2).
```

Author: Updated as per suggestion in latest commit.
